I was really fortunate. Thio take part in mainly all of the ways that
the maybe give you, um, educational opportunities. When I was on my
ship actually took two classes. I took a calculus class and in English
class for Free Aceh, Long as it was after working hours. Um, while
I was on deployment, which was great, I actually went thio several
schools. They send, you know, to a two week school or even a month
long school. I got advanced electrical, um, knowledge based on, uh,
those many schools that I went to, uh, when I became a reservist, they
actually, like, send me the other schools as well. There, too. You
do your annual training, which is two years. Uh, I'm sorry to two
months that two weeks that you go out and you do your your normal training.
But then they provide opportunities to go to schools, uh, ranging
anywhere from two weeks or two months or, um or even longer so
that you can put adventure. Your professional career also did, uh,
the Montgomery G I. Bill and the 9 11 bill. I had the opportunity to
experience both of them. Uh, the G I Bill, they just gave you money
based on whether you're in college or not. And the 9 11 bill, they
actually, like, pay you, um, your living expenses and your tuition it
as well as some book fees. So they break it down a little bit more.
But I think that actually, uh, end up giving you more money as well.
So those are all the ways that I found? Um, you can have, um, educational
benefits through the navy. There are a lot more.